I'm here uncovering the secrets to
making a restaurant successful and
sharing a few tips of my own really want
to get into what i believe is another
ingredient for success which is supplies
on the fly you know cisco has this
amazing resource that can take you to
website in seconds with a hundred and
seventy thousand items that you need to
make our business better whether it be
you know couches for a veranda tabletop
chairs candles knives forks spoons
refrigeration six ring burners you name
it is there again it's making your life
easier now i'm excited because i didn't
know about that i didn't know that they
had the table where such a variety of
products so i'm actually interested in
sitting down with my rep and seeing or
even going online and checking it out
and seeing products we like but think
about this how many times do you lose
knives and forks right there actually in
the river most of them or somebody drops
a glass rack of glasses you need to
replace them it's nine o'clock at night
on a saturday night Oh supplies on the
fly calm glasses oh they delivered the
next day it's much easier than to go oh
by the way Michael you're a great guy
can you go to three different stores
because hey they say the cheaper you
know many times she sent me out in the
middle of the night to find glassware I
was the guy that had to go to every
store looking for what she wanted but
how many times did he bring it back and
it was the wrong one you could have gone
online seen all these pictures and when
I want that one is it 24 hours a day
source for your kitchen then on your
kitchen your dining room and you know
have you ever had something break that a
stop to your kitchen never stop the
kitchen but certainly inconvenience the
kitchen you know Tuesday night something
breaks you know wedding for 400 coming
in on Saturday so you have to react
quickly and get the product in
you know piece of equipment that you
need so it always happens and that's
that supplies on the fly expedited
shipping direct from the manufacturer to
you when you arrive you've got a little
package with a bow on it and it says
thank you very much from supplies on the
fly it's a resource to help you better
manage your business and for me it's
another ingredient for success check out
was possible for your restaurant when
you team up with Cisco by visiting Cisco
possible com